we didn't pull out certain champions
that I'm really really good at and I'd
love to ascertain well well the first
day of MSI in Paris so the playoffs are
done I'm joined right now by blippo with
coverage presented by your support in
the youtube description let's talk a
little bit about what happened
everything is a closed three oh but I'm
sure that doesn't help you feel any
better what what was your take on how
everything went down today um I think
mostly we go early game advantages
through cups I think we made sure that
he had the tally order the soul and the
big cap things and just took over the
map I feel like the side liners didn't
get as much out of it though and then
that kind of made it difficult to
actually get big leads all in all I feel
like once we got ahead we were
struggling to actually get something out
of the map like we would be pushing all
three lanes at the same time and we'd
have like in the second game Camile and
we'd take them towers and stuff but at
the end of the day we weren't taking any
making any decisive getting any decisive
victories we weren't getting the Baron
no inhibitors like nothing was really
happening and we were really confused as
to what to do yeah and how are you how
are you feel about how everything went
down for me personally I feel like I
really let down the team and everybody
really I think game 2 is the best
example of that where I think I actually
could have just ended the game at
certain points there was even moments
where you know like I based instead of
taking men in here because I just was I
was so told on killing the Nexus and I
didn't even notice the inhibitor was
open so it was really difficult for me
to like swallow that and go into game 3
because I feel like that should have
been one one for us if I just not even
made less mistakes just played better I
mean there were moments where at least
the analysts and some of the community
sensitively knew that when you were
pushing their in him if the team had
just sort of suicide to stop the team
from going from stop RNG from going back
and all stuff but it does feel like
there were there were moments where not
to attack your teammates but you know it
doesn't seem like it was all you I'm
sure maybe not and maybe we had no clue
to do it at certain points I'll admit
that we really lost some points because
you know like for example did or
whatever on me like three different
times and I jerked away you know I
basically walked off scot-free but we
felt pressure to do something every time
they tried and I think that's partially
on me because I didn't communicate that
you know I'm fine you know I can just
run loops around these guys and I can't
really do anything so I'll just go bot
again and don't try again next time can
chill good luck but I didn't do that so
it's I think on me to take
responsibility for the lack of
communication there and make them clear
how easy it was for me to just escape
and we had all the time in the world I
think we could have just played for
powers rather than the Baron because I
do feel like once the Baron spawned we
were really just a worse team than RNG
because either we would take the 50/50
and lose it or just put ourselves in bad
situations like getting into a 50-50
when you have a few thousand gold lead
is just not good yeah setting aside your
personal frustrations those games were
bloody like the first game I think was
maybe the craziest game we've seen at
MSI so far the amount of kills it and I
felt like any I felt like I was seeing
more action than in my solo queue a
ramps so I was just really what was it
like for you guys on stage like because
it just felt like there was constantly
some fight happening out somewhere on
that map it's a while back for me now
obviously a lot of experience I was
playing asylum and I feel like for us it
wasn't that bloody it was just more like
we felt the need to fight because we
were getting out scaled right they had
the vladimer into the xylem I'm playing
the sound it's like it's always our off
you know like you feel like you have to
do something or this guy's just going to
keep killing everybody but at the end of
the day the reason why I was so bloody
is because every time we felt like we
could do something we ended up getting
double flanked and just killed so we
thought we're in the position where we
could take the fight but then either I
rarely ever Wladimir usually both came
from either side and just made quick
work out of us so yeah we tried we try
to thank the 5p 5s and we just didn't
set them up properly so we ended up
taking a lot of deaths and a lot of
kills
okay well MSI unfortunately for you guys
is over now but this was a huge moment
for you to kind of have a lot of
experience what what did this
international tournament mean for you
and and what does it mean for you going
forward
a player I don't know what it means for
me going forward as a player but I
definitely get a lot of valuable
experience all three games I really it's
right now I you know it's it's hard for
me to put into words how valuable this
is for me but I'm pretty sure this this
will change me as a player and a good
way I'll be much more calm and collected
when it comes to these decisive moments
because I feel like this game I was a
bit trigger-happy sometimes and I made
too many mistakes for sure well I just
mean MSI as a whole because you also had
all the group stage right so we're done
but you had all this group stage
experience you've now had this today and
that that must be crazy for you as a
relatively new player it's just been
great experience I think it helped me
realize a lot of things about my own
game play helped me realize a lot of
things about other people's gameplay
right because one thing about experience
is that you get to learn how other
people play competitively you get to get
used to what these people are doing
because and soloqueue like a lot of
people make a lot more like risky calls
and do a lot of different things whereas
here it's it's generally speaking no
matter what top line you're playing
against they'll have a set play pattern
and they're gonna try and follow because
that's what they're good at so it's good
that I I'm finding building my own play
pattern through the experience and I
think it's really good for me well I'm
sure you know the game just finished
it's it's not like you have an idea of
what the summer split is going to mean
for you but I'm sure there are a lot of
fans that are curious about this is
there anything that you would say to any
of the fans out there who are who are
maybe excited about what they saw from
you this this tournament curious about
what the future is for you
anything like that so from from what I
understand will be competing I'll be
competing with sauce for the start a
spot in summer split so it would be a
lot more back and forth with the swaps
because right now you know with this
injury it was a little difficult to find
a reason to put them in but really
through the finals just thank you to
everybody for supporting me thanks for
everybody the things I can be better
because I know I can be so having other
people try and convince me like help
reinforce that really
helps me because I think for summer
split I'm gonna try and be a much more
dominant player because I do think I
didn't happen to a lot of what I'm good
at
like we didn't pull out certain
champions that I'm really really good at
and I'd love to a certain well you know
I feel like I didn't have enough
confidence in picking ban to try and get
what I needed for myself to succeed and
I hope I can be a new better player
coming into summer but also more
confident I think that's what's really
important for me because I feel like
I've always been very confident in what
I can do but I didn't show that here in
the best-of-three and I didn't show that
in any of the group stage
I always just I was always like I'll
just do whatever you know I just hold
villains like you know what just put me
on what we think is best for me and
we'll just play and I think this
experience really helped me to get the
good situations for me it taught me to
get that good matchup you know well
thank you so much for the interview I'm
sorry you guys lost today but it's okay
I always just thank everybody because I
know how tough it is to do an interview
after you lose so you probably want to
go back and sulk and either read the
reddit comments and bathe in self-pity
or ignore the reddit comments and dread
what they might say but I really
appreciate you doing the interview thank
you so much again thank you all the fans
thanks to you Travis I'll read all the
comments by the way yeah well I enjoy
that I guess yeah I'll do my best for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel
I've got some good news for you there's
a spot right here right next to me on
this bench saved for you because you
know what at ghafir Dinda strees we are
looking for talented individuals like
yourself and the the first step in the
application process is just subscribing
to the YouTube channel the second step
is hitting up the support page of the
patreon but but we could just sit it all
on the first step right now if you if
you've only gone to that and then and
then you'll be here with me at gaffer
industries the rising tide the company
that's gonna take over at all just just
sign up